Proposal namespaces MAY be empty (#373)
WalletConnect/walletconnect-docs: docs/specs/clients/sign/session-namespaces.md

---

### 1.10. Proposal namespaces MAY be empty

Requested Proposal Namespaces:

```json
{}
```

Is valid?: Yes

> Note: Empty Proposal Namespaces means what DApp does not have required namespaces and can work with any provided chains. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Empty Proposal Namespaces means that the DApp does not have required namespaces and can work with any provided chains. 
```

Wallet must provide namespaces for ALL supported chains with empty methods and events. 

> For example if wallet support eip155:1, eip155:137, cosmos:cosmoshub-1 chains Session Namespaces should looks like: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example if wallet supports eip155:1, eip155:137, cosmos:cosmoshub-1 chains, Session Namespaces should looks like: 
```
